that decision is totally up to you. Um, I think that for those students
I've had who've applied to graduate programs and haven't gotten into
the ones that they wanted to get into or maybe just didn't get into
any at all, um, most frequently what I counsel them to do is Thio
pursue a job. You know, try to get a job in that kind of general area.
Eso again if they wanted Thio get into a graduate program, maybe
a master's program for working with people struggling with addiction
and they didn't get into any programs. I would say, you know, see
if you could get a job working with recovering addicts or, you know,
in that kind of general area of work and do that for a little while.
Number one. It's great experience. And it's really telling because
you may find out that, you know, you just don't want to do this kind
of work after all, because oftentimes what we think work is gonna
be like is not exactly what it turns out to be. And so you may find
that this is just actually not the job for you, which is super valuable
information um, but maybe you find Yes, you are absolutely right.
This is your chosen population. You love working with this group,
and you are more committed than ever to go toe graduate school and get,
you know, in advance degree. And in that case, absolutely reapply.
Reapply to those same schools. If anything, your application is stronger
now because you've got this fantastic experience behind you.
Now, um, and that and you're bringing that into the mix now. So you've
got something that you didn't have when you applied initially, eso
you absolutely can apply to the same program more than once. And
remember, too, that sometimes the decisions about you know how many
people a program except have nothing to dio with you or your application.
It has to do with funding. You know who may be the person in the
program that you wanted to work with. They just don't have enough
funds to take any students. Or maybe the person that you wanted to
work with just doesn't have enough funds to take on another student.
But maybe they will next year. So absolutely try again